hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction action film: "Cosmic Sin"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
in the year 2524, the technology is so advanced
that humans are able to set up colonies on planets like Mars and Ellora
for years, humans have been collecting resources on those plants
but there hasn't been any alien encounters
on the desolate alien planet, two scientists are gonna play a hormone game during a break
suddenly, the female scientist hears some movement outside
and sees there is a spaceship landing nearby on the monitor
her boyfriend thinks it doesn't make sense
because except for the two, there are no other living things on this planet
that could ever interrupt their hormone game
to ease the female scientist's concern, her boyfriend grabs a machine gun
goes outside and starts shooting into the darkness
he assures her that they are 100% absolutely alone
her boyfriend goes out again but never comes back
no matter how much she calls him, there is no response
the female scientist gets nervous and reports an alien encounter to the spaceship
very soon, word spreads of an alien encounter back to Earth
a General is astonished to hear the news as it is the first contact with aliens
soon he gives orders and gathers the team up
including an old soldier called Ford, who is at a bar brawling right at that time
during the fight, everyone pulls guns out and points them at each other
right then, the police arrive
they all put their guns back and leave as soon as they hear the sirens
however, the police are not coming here to stop the fight
they are here to offer Ford a job
Ford was dismissed from his duty for causing 70 million casualties
using the Q-bomb under the order of the Alliance
if he accepts the offer, he can get a reinstatement
it appears the Alliance is having some issues
at the headquarters, Ford meets his old acquaintance Dr.Goss
the meeting is a bit awkward as Dr.Goss doesn't like Ford
Dr.Goss is very excited, for she thinks the first contact has a significant meaning
at least it shows humans are not alone in the universe
but Ford thinks differently and hopes the Alliance can prepare some Q-bombs
in case the aliens are not friendly
as expected, a female engineer gets an emergent mission
to help the Alliance activate a Q-bomb
in the meantime, the human survivors on planet Ellora have returned to Earth in a spaceship
Dr.Goss has them sterilized as soon as they get off the ship
however, before they are quarantined, they start to change
they are all infected by parasitic aliens
these infected survivors attack the security guards and infect them too
the aliens are hostile, but Dr.Goss urges the security guards not to shoot
and then leaves there quickly under the protection of the security guards
one of the security guards can't help himself and shoots at one infected survivor's body
to their surprise, the bullet doesn't hurt the survivor at all
the security guards shoot again
this time the survivor is shot in the head and dies
they realize that the infected survivors need their brains intact to function
all the people evacuate immediately and seal off the area with the infected people inside
the alarm in the base alerts Ford and other people at the headquarters
the infected survivors kill a security guard in front of Dr.Goss
but she still wishes to negotiate peacefully with the aliens
she is fascinated by them and wanna admire the masterpiece of God
a security guard shoots the infected survivor, seeing she has a gun in her hand
it turns out the infected survivors controlled by the alien parasites
have a strong learning capability, so they learn quickly how to shoot and fire back
there comes a fierce exchange of fire between the infected survivors and the security guards
not long after, the General comes and joins the fight
however, the situation goes worse and runs out of control
more and more people get infected
the General helps the wounded and encourages them to continue to fight
a girl is killed in front of the General, which enrages him
before the infected survivors rush out of the gate
Ford backs up with a rocket launcher and helps the group win the fight
after the fight, they have a meeting about how to deal with the hostile aliens
Dr. Goss insists it is possible to coexist peacefully with the aliens
others don't agree with her
they think the aliens might attack Earth
the General believes that what happened to the base was an attack against humanity
therefore, he dismisses the doctor and decides to strike first
soon word comes from the front line that there are more alien spaceships gathering on Ellora
and that an alien spaceship was shot down in a battle
the group hold an emergent meeting to discuss their next move
if they can find the wreckage
they might be able to track the radiation back to the aliens' homeworld
then they can wipe them out with a Q-bomb
however, an engineer spots out a problem
when the aliens arrived on Earth
they must have sent Earth's coordinates back to their home planet
meaning that the location of Earth has been exposed
the aliens could launch an attack at any time
also, a Q-bomb is powerful but very unstable
if used in the wrong way, it could have devastating consequences and open a black hole
later, the General decides to bring a team to the front line
when everyone is suited up, they travel to the front line via a Quantum Jump Gate
which can transfer them to the destination in a flash
after arriving, a space battle between the humans and the aliens is being waged
the human forces appear to be losing, and the aliens gain the upper hand
fortunately, the group manage to pass safely through heavy gunfires
but Ford gets separated from the others because there is too much wreckage in his way
and the General gets hit by a piece of wreckage and drifts away
soldier Mustache is with the engineer and soldier Handsome
while Ford and the general are offline
they don't know if they are alive or not
soldier Mustache asks the engineer to check if Q-bomb is alright
luckily, the Q-bomb is fine
not long after they arrive at the planet, they are ambushed by the aliens
which are all the infected humans being controlled
soldier Mustache gets shot and is seriously injured
there are too many aliens, and they can't hold out any longer
at the critical moment, another human squad comes for their rescue
they are survivors on planet Ellora
once humans are infected by the alien, they can't talk
so it's easy to verify if they are allies or not
with the help of the army led by Yellow Hair, they defeat the aliens
soldier Handsome tells Yellow Hair their plan
hearing they are looking for the wreckage of the alien ship
Yellow Hair expresses a willingness to help them
later, soldier Mustache is transferred to the orbital cannon to get medical treatment
while soldier Handsome goes to find the wreckage with Yellow Hair
they search around, and very soon, Yellow Hair and soldier handsome find the crashed ship
some aliens are in the middle of repairing it
through testing, they confirm that the wreckage leaves a radioactive signature
when soldier Handsome is about to send the coordinates
his equipment is interfered with by an alien signal
Yellow Hair suggests they don't do anything rash
it's better they go back to the orbital cannon first
it would be easier to get signal out there
on the other side, Ford also lands on the planet safely
but because he has changed his tracks many times
he doesn't land in the same position as his teammates, who presume he is dead
not long after his landing, he is captured by the aliens and is held captive in a cave
an alien is controlling his mind and wants him to join them
before the alien succeeds, Ford is found and saved by soldier Handsome and Yellow Hair
then they head to the Alliance outpost together
there they learn how the aliens infect and control people
the aliens transfer parasites to humans through blood
once the infection spreads, people will become the alien's puppet and their army
even at the orbital cannon, they can't send out the coordinates
because there is too much tachyon interference
they can't fire the Q-bomb, either
in the meantime, soldier Mustache is weakening, and his condition is getting worse
Ford can't bear to see him suffering, so he euthanizes soldier Mustache
the engineer suggests going into orbit to fire the Q-bomb
but they are not able to get into orbit with the tachyon interference
while they are discussing what to do
they see the aliens have built a stable space gate in orbit
the alien's intention is obvious
they want to send an army to Earth, which is the easiest way to wipe out humankind
Ford comes up with an idea that they could fire the Q-bomb
to blast the space gate and the alien enemy
but in that way, the explosion from the Q-bomb will create a black hole
everything on the planet Ellora will be sucked into the black hole
to save Earth, Ford decides to get the orbital cannon back online
so they can fire the Q-bomb and collapse the space gate
just before they take action, the engineer receives a signal sent by the General
whose suit was damaged and remains in space
having known Ford's plan, the General volunteers to help detonate the space gate
he asks the engineer to fire the Q-bomb through the space gate
to destroy the enemy on the other side
he will detonate the explosives on him and destroy the space gate
so that a black hole will not be created in this way
he also requests the engineer not to tell the others
in the meantime, Ford and his team are preparing themselves
as the aliens could attack the outpost at any time
when the aliens arrive at the outpost, they see that Dr.Goss has been infected
and has become the leader of the alien army
from Dr.Goss, they learn that the aliens are a warlike species; they are born to be invasive
Dr.Goss persuades Ford to surrender, but Ford refuses
Dr.Goss leads the infected human attack on the outpost
then, both sides fall into a fierce fight
Yellow Hair shoots the aliens from an elevated position
the human soldiers are holed up inside the outpost and losing the fight
after a while, when Dr.Goss flies back to the space gate to organize the main forces
Ford clings to her ship and follows her
later, the alien's main forces begin to pass through the gate
but the General still hasn't detonated the bomb to destroy it
the engineer can't wait any longer, so she launches the Q-bomb
to everyone's surprise, Dr.Goss intercepts the Q-bomb with an energy shield
seeing that, Ford comes forward and hits Dr.Goss
because of that, the balance of the energy shield collapses
which finally allows the Q-bomb to pass through the gate
right then, with a deadly blow, Ford sends the Q-bomb and Dr. Goss into the transfer tunnel
while he himself is bounced back to planet Ellora by its blast wave
in the meantime, there's something wrong with the General's self-destruct device
so he gives his coordinates to the engineer and asks her to fire another bomb at him
together with the explosives he is carrying, he can destroy the space gate
the General is soldier Handsome's father
he doesn't want to see his father sacrifice himself
but for the humans' future, he presses the launch button
with the massive explosion, the space gate collapses, sealing the entire alien army in
the war between humans and the aliens ends, and Earth is saved once again
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out